# GovReady Client
GovReady provides a dashboard and tools to enhance security for government websites and achieve FISMA compliance.

This is the react and redux based client application for consuming the Govready-CMS-API.

NPM Tasks
---------

|`npm run...`|Description|
|---|---|
|`start`|Spins up Koa server to serve your app at `localhost:3000`. HMR will be enabled in development.|
|`compile`|Compiles the application to disk (`~/dist` by default).|
|`dev`|Same as `npm start`, but enables nodemon to automatically restart the server when server-related code is changed.|
|`dev:nw`|Same as `npm run dev`, but opens the redux devtools in a new window.|
|`dev:no-debug`|Same as `npm run dev` but disables redux devtools.|
|`test`|Runs unit tests with Karma and generates a coverage report.|
|`test:dev`|Runs Karma and watches for changes to re-run tests; does not generate coverage reports.|
|`deploy`|Runs linter, tests, and then, on success, compiles your application to disk.|
|`deploy:dev`|Same as `deploy` but overrides `NODE_ENV` to "development".|
|`deploy:prod`|Same as `deploy` but overrides `NODE_ENV` to "production".|
|`flow:check`|Analyzes the project for type errors.|
|`lint`|Lint all `.js` files.|
|`lint:fix`|Lint and fix all `.js` files. [Read more on this](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface.html#fix).|

Webpack
-------

### Vendor Bundle
You can redefine which packages to bundle separately by modifying `compiler_vendor` in `~/config/_base.js`. These default to:

```js
[
  'history',
  'react',
  'react-redux',
  'react-router',
  'react-router-redux',
  'redux'
]
```

### Webpack Root Resolve
Webpack is configured to make use of [resolve.root](http://webpack.github.io/docs/configuration.html#resolve-root), which lets you import local packages as if you were traversing from the root of your `~/src` directory. Here's an example:

```js
// current file: ~/src/views/some/nested/View.js

// What used to be this:
import SomeComponent from '../../../components/SomeComponent'

// Can now be this:
import SomeComponent from 'components/SomeComponent' // Hooray!
```

### Globals

These are global variables available to you anywhere in your source code. If you wish to modify them, they can be found as the `globals` key in `~/config/_base.js`. When adding new globals, also add them to `~/.eslintrc`.

|Variable|Description|
|---|---|
|`process.env.NODE_ENV`|the active `NODE_ENV` when the build started|
|`__DEV__`|True when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is `development`|
|`__PROD__`|True when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is `production`|
|`__TEST__`|True when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is `test`|
|`__DEBUG__`|True when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is `development` and cli arg `--no_debug` is not set (`npm run dev:no-debug`)|
|`__BASENAME__`|[npm history basename option](https://github.com/rackt/history/blob/master/docs/BasenameSupport.md)|

Testing
-------

To add a unit test, simply create a `.spec.js` file anywhere in `~/tests`. Karma will pick up on these files automatically, and Mocha and Chai will be available within your test without the need to import them. If you are using `redux-cli`, test files should automatically be generated when you create a component or redux module (duck).

Coverage reports will be compiled to `~/coverage` by default. If you wish to change what reporters are used and where reports are compiled, you can do so by modifying `coverage_reporters` in `~/config/_base.js`.

Deployment
----------

Out of the box, this starter kit is deployable by serving the `~/dist` folder generated by `npm run compile` (make sure to specify your target `NODE_ENV` as well). This project does not concern itself with the details of server-side rendering or API structure, since that demands an opinionated structure that makes it difficult to extend the starter kit. However, if you do need help with more advanced deployment strategies, here are a few tips:

If you are serving the application via a web server such as nginx, make sure to direct incoming routes to the root `~/dist/index.html` file and let react-router take care of the rest. The Koa server that comes with the starter kit is able to be extended to serve as an API or whatever else you need, but that's entirely up to you.

Have more questions? Feel free to submit an issue or join the Gitter chat!

Troubleshooting
---------------

### `npm run dev:nw` produces `cannot read location of undefined.`

This is most likely because the new window has been blocked by your popup blocker, so make sure it's disabled before trying again.

Reference: [issue 110](https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit/issues/110)

### Babel Issues

Running into issues with Babel? Babel 6 can be tricky, please either report an issue or try out the [stable v0.18.1 release](https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit/tree/v0.18.1) with Babel 5. If you do report an issue, please try to include relevant debugging information such as your node, npm, and babel versions.

### Babel Polyfill

By default this repo does not bundle the babel polyfill in order to reduce bundle size. If you want to include it, you can use [this commit](https://github.com/jokeyrhyme/react-redux-starter-kit/commit/f3f095b547ee63474b9361128bb95d370da04b35) from [jokeyrhyme](https://github.com/jokeyrhyme) as a reference.

### Internationalization Support

In keeping with the goals of this project, no internationalization support is provided out of the box. However, [juanda99](https://github.com/juanda99) has been kind enough to maintain a fork of this repo with internationalization support, [check it out!](https://github.com/juanda99/react-redux-starter-kit)

### Deployment Issues (Generally Heroku)

Make sure that your environment is installing both dependencies _and_ devDependencies, since the latter are required to build the application. You can also reference [this issue](https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit/issues/571) for more details.

### High editor CPU usage after compilation

While this is common to any sizable application, it's worth noting for those who may not know: if you happen to notice higher CPU usage in your editor after compiling the application, you may need to tell your editor not to process the dist folder. For example, in Sublime you can add:

```
	"folder_exclude_patterns": [".svn",	".git",	".hg", "CVS",	"node_modules",	"dist"]
```
